TRANSLATION INTRODUCTION (not for translation): ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REGISTRATION PROCESS SCREEN SUMMARY #x:
  #1 = town name widget (WIDGET, NOT A "SCREEN")
  #2 = location results screen
  #3 = website selection screen
  #4 = summary entry screen

TO TRANSLATE (in order of appearance): ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REGISTRATION PROCESS:
  IIRS registration
    English translation: registration of your initiative
    page title on all registration SCREENs

SCREEN #1 (initial widget / shortcode / town name entry):
  register your transition town
  town or area
    gray in-field help text
  what is a Transition Town?
  http://www.transitionnetwork.org/support/becoming-official#criteria
    OPTIONAL: change this to a URL that explains what a transition town is
  (why register link. format: http://[web address] [link text])
    this link will appear under the "what is a transtion town?" link
    it's value is complex, e.g. "http://what.com Why Register?" produces a link to http://what.com with the text Why Register?
  connect to the Transition Network and advertise yourself on our website.
    validation
  register (>>)
    BUTTON

SCREEN #2 (location matches and basic profile)
  We have found:
    WAS: town matches
    CHANGE TO: towns found?
  registration of your Transition Initiative
    WAS: some general details
  optional
  initiative name
  transition town
    at the end of the "initiative name" field
  your name
  email
  Transition Initiative not registered yet!
  Oops, it seems that the our servers are not responding! The manager has been informed and is trying to solve the problem. Please come back here tomorrow :)
    this only happens if the Google Maps service is un-available
  email address not valid format
    validation
  form not valid
    validation
  change the search
    in the location results at bottom for changing the town name search term
  This email address may be used by people in your area who would like to contact you and / or join your projects.
    raison d'etre
  There is already a user with this email or username. Please try again.
    validation
    this should be changed to "... It is probably you no? and you need a password reminder?"
  you will need to email %EMAIL% to register instead
    validation
  The location is fine. However, the Initiative name already exists. Please add something to the initiative name below to make it unique. For Example: [west%%town_name%%] or [energy_subgroup_%%town_name%%].
    validation
  this looks like a domain ( website address ), you need to enter a town or area name instead
    validation
  no towns found matching
    validation
  select this option to register without "geo-location". this means that we won't know actually where your town is so it won't appear on the maps yet. we will contact you to resolve this, or you can type in another name below.  view on map
    NEWISH functionality...
  join network (>>)
    BUTTON
  and then connect with local Transition Initiatives : )
    next to the Button

SCREEN #3 (website list and selection):
  you are now registered. %townname% is go!
    registration confirmation message
  website selection
    top paragraph on website selection screen
  other
    this label only appears if there are MATCHES for the TIs potential domains
    i.e. if the possible website list has content then this appears next to the other box
  your website
    this label only appears if there are NO MATCHES for the TIs potential domains
    i.e. if the possible website list is empty then only this appears next to the other box
  view in new window
    link on each listed website option to go to the website in a new window
  no website
  we do not currently have a website
  Oops, Could not create your user account because of a system error. Please try again tomorrow.
  There is already a user with this email or username. Please try again.
  Akismet thinks that your entry is SPAM. So we cannot accept it. Sorry.
    validation
  Failed to check the entries against the Akismet SPAM database. Please try again tomorrow :)
    validation
  We think you are a SPAM robot. please email us to resolve this issue.
    validation
  a website selection option is required
    validation
  You have already registered a Transition Initiative under this username. Please logout and re-register
    validation
  A Transition Initiative already exists with this name. Please add something to the name or change it and try again
    validation
  Oops, we didn't recieve your data. Please try again
    usually only web robots get this message. it is a system error
    validation
  save and continue (>>)
    BUTTON

SCREEN #4 (summary entry):
  summary
  Your website was not found, please re-enter it or select none
    validation
  from the website
    indicates that the summary has been initially filled out from the "about us" section on the associated website
  complete registration (>>)
    BUTTON
    this is the last data-entry screen: system will redirect to a full view of the created profile when pressed

REGISTRATION EMAIL
  TransitionTowns registration service
    the email "from" name
  your new Transition account
    email subject
  welcome to Transition
    in-email body title
  here are your registration details
  username
  password
  reply to this email with any thoughts / excitement / ideas / congratulations / bugs / other things :)

ADMINISTRATION EMAIL (administrator only):
  new Transition account registered
    email subject
  remainder of the email is identical to the user regiatration email

ADMINISTRATION INTERFACE (administrator only):
  No initiatives found in Trash.
  No initiatives found.
  Add New
  IIRS import
    page title
  IIRS export
    page title


OTHER SCREENS ------------------------------------------------------------------
LIST SCREEN:
  view
    link text next to TI posts to go to the full profile view screen
    only necessary to translate if the IRS is controlling the list of TIs
  edit
    link text next to TI posts to go to the edit screen
    appears only next to TIs that are owned by the current user
    only necessary to translate if the IRS is controlling the list of TIs

VIEW FULL PROFILE:
  IIRS view
    page title
  website
    "website" link (if there is one)
  currently no website
    full view of an initiative

MAPPING:
  IIRS mapping
    page title
  view full profile
    marker link text
  map of Transition Initiatives near you

EDIT SCREEN:
  IIRS edit
    page title
  setup editor
    in-page title
  your details
  update account details
  transition initiative details
  change location
  search
  update transition initiative
  login required to edit
  There is no Initiative associated with this user

  Login Failed
    validation
  Failed to update your user details. Please try again tomorrow.
    validation
  no towns found matching %%townname%% you will need to register by email because we cannot find your town on our maps system!
    validation


GENERAL and MISC ------------------------------------------------------------------
Oops, Javascript failed to run, services unavailable, please go to
  we should add an email address to this and ask them to email us?
registrar@transitionnetwork.org
  this is the email where error messages will go
  translate to change!
system error
  validation
(<<) back
  validation
  back button in the case of errors
nice_tlds
  this is a semi colon delimited list of Top Level Domains to search when looking for possible websites
  see the IIRS settings screen for more information
nice_domains
  this is a semi colon delimited list of domain prefixes to search when looking for possible websites
  see the IIRS settings screen for more information

NOT CURRENTLY USED (do not translate now) ------------------------------------------------------------------
  Could not find extended information about your website
  search the transition towns of the world
  add another thing
  Your nearest Transition Town is only 4km away and we will connect them with you. They have budget, and have done loads of stuff. But you probably know that already do you? :)
  description of thing
  name of thing
  project or idea thing
  or upload
  Loading Google images for
  image
  add ideas, summary, projects, descriptions so everyone can help and get advice
  thankyou message
  thanks
  buy marked domains
  stop being clever and just give me the domains
  on to this domain and give me the keys
  load
  advanced settings
  km
  closest initiative
  search
  message
  join!
  transition initiative already registered
  phone number
  to register by email because we cannot find your town on Google Maps!
  to manage your registration, NOT this website
  you will need to log in to
  finish
  IIRS search
    page title
  IIRS list
    page title
